W-13731552-reassignorphanedentities-se (#214)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/usermanagement-connect.adoc

= Connecting to RPA Processes from Salesforce Products

> :page-notice-banner-message: MuleSoft RPA is integrating with Anypoint Platform to unify the login experience and provide support for external identity providers (IdP). After your organization is migrated to Anypoint Platform, the User Management module is removed and RPA Administrator can create new user API keys in the Settings module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: MuleSoft RPA is integrating with Anypoint Platform to unify the login experience and provide support for external identity providers (IdPs). After your organization migrates to Anypoint Platform, the User Management module is removed and RPA Administrator create new user API keys in the Settings module.
```
